[Security][Cases][9.3 & Serverless]: Enhance cases search in all cases view (#4350)
elastic/docs-content: solutions/_snippets/search-cases.md

> Use the search bar on the **Cases** page to quickly find cases and case data. You can search for case titles, descriptions, and IDs. Keywords and text search is supported.

Author: @christineweng is the search case-sensitive? From my testing, it doesn't look to be, but I still wanted to double-check with you.

Reviewer: Hey @nastasha-solomon , good question, some of them were (title, description, comments), and some were keyword search and had to be exact (case ids, alert ids, event ids, observables, custom fields)

I opened https://github.com/elastic/kibana/pull/246643 to update observables and custom fields search to be case insensitive. As discussed in slack, ids are shown as lower case throughout kibana, user is very unlikely to get a upper case id, hence keeping them as is.

Author: @christineweng how's this:

```suggestion

The Cases page has a search bar for quickly finding cases and case data. You can search for case titles, descriptions, and IDs using keywords and text. Note the following rules for search:

* **Keywords**: Searches for keywords (like case and alert IDs) must be exact.
* **Text**: Text searches (such as case titles and descriptions) are case-insensitive.
* **Syntax**: No special syntax is required when entering your search criteria.
```

> Use the search bar on the **Cases** page to quickly find cases and case data. You can search for case titles, descriptions, and IDs. Keywords and text search is supported.

Author: Applying this change [here](https://github.com/elastic/docs-content/pull/4350#discussion_r2624818274). : )

> {applies_to}`stack: ga 9.3` You can also search for alert and event IDs, observable values, case comments, and file names. For example, you can search for a specific IP address that's been specified as an observable, a colleague's comment, or the ID of an alert that's attached to the case.

Author: ```suggestion
{applies_to}`stack: ga 9.3` You can also search for alert and event IDs, observable values, case comments, and custom fields (text type only). For example, you can search for a specific IP address that's been specified as an observable, a colleague's comment, or the ID of an alert that's attached to the case.
```
